well we are counting down the days till
Tom Durkins retirement not wistfully so
we're never gonna replace the voice of
no racing association there will be a
new race caller Larry Coleman's pickin
up the bulk of that work but yeah
there's no replacing Tom Durkin in
anticipation of his final day of racing
which will be this Sunday we have been
counting down his top 10 race calls of
all time we have we've gotten through
ten through four you ready for number
three number number three involves
weren't one of the great rivalries that
we had back in the 1980s race number
three on the top ten calls of all time
for turkin Durkins ten best and judge
and gallucci and they pass us for the
first time
judge Angela Chi now who's out to take
the lead but Candy's gold is sticking
right with him early tour back trying to
nurse that speed with him on the inside
Skywalker is up close early
he's a sorrows for wine a fleetest three
wide and toward the inside it's good
command a gap of four and Ferdinand has
settled in the seventh position and
bulges alongside him Ally Sheba is now
running in eighth he's about nine
lengths off the lead as they head for
the back stretch bold arrangement trying
to take hold of this track crypto
clearance says one horse beaten and that
is nostalgia star for his content to
trail at this time as they move up the
backstretch Judge Angela Chi and Kandi's
gold moving together on the lead the
opening quarter went 223 flat forty six
and two for that those two are still
going at it good command kept close to
them toward the inside he's a south
running third
ask for more money
he's on the inside fit Skywalker owners
Ali Shiba begin
please drop back there's a half
craters Tok Pisin henna days candies
don't are the inside judge ontology and
fern
Skywalker is stood
Shiba
Seba
a photo finish
yeah goosebumps yeah it's pretty cool
shoemaker at McCarran having a little
chat right past the finish line to is
they galloped out into the turn
1987 Breeders Cup Classic Wow that's
that was that's number three I mean his
belmont call was and the thing about him
that I've talked about a couple of times
is it remember the night in the 98
Belmont will go horse and the verge only
the Triple Crown that's not easy that's
a lot of pressure
he has his all his best calls or when it
matters most which was what makes him so
great right except for how you pick a
dormer whatever hakama Gazzola that's
not on the list
we were we were told the haka Raqqa
Mecca Mecca Dola race wasn't on the top
10 list that was that was one of my
votes